Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I told you all in my
livestream,
the Lord said, 'Saturday, Saturday,
Saturday.
Pray over Saturday.'That was whenever I
saw the United States of America
striking Iran on our Saturday in the
middle of the night. And I said, 'Why
not Friday?'He said, 'Because when the
stock market's open, you're not going to
see this.'And I never relayed
that publicly because there's a lot of
things, like when I'm doing a live, I
don't say a lot of things I see because
I have to filter it. You know, I
take this job, this responsibility of
what the Lord has given me, very
seriously. So, we see what happens
today. We did it. And I was
in a boardroom last night—I was caught
up in a boardroom—and I saw Trump
talking, and there was a screen behind
him.
Did I make that? I think that was live.
Yeah, okay, that was live. We must stand
with Israel. And that's exactly what we
did today. He made a decision by the
Holy Spirit because we prayed for him,
ladies and gentlemen. And he made it
because the Lord told him to do it. And
so what happens now? That's what we must
pray over America. We must pray over
America. And what I've seen about the
sleeper cells, I believe that with
all my heart, Homeland Security, these
people, we're going to stop this
because of our prayers, because of the
prayers of the righteous. Number two,
what I warned you all about: Vladimir
Putin. When this is going on over here,
what's going on over here? And I heard
Vladimir Putin say in an interview,
'Ukraine is ours, rightfully. And we're
going to take back all of Ukraine, and if
America tries to, we'll use nukes,
basically.'Yeah,
I don't know, but yeah,
no, they said if they retaliate,
yeah, if we retaliate. So if they try to
do anything to stop him, whatever, he'll
use whatever he can, dirty bombs or
whatever.
I told you I saw that spirit coming on
that man like a Hitler. So, that's more
for you all to pray about as
our prayer family for Ukraine. I know
what I've seen—an escalation. And the
Lord said at the beginning of the year,
what I said, 'What does 2025 hold for
us?'And
He said, 'War, war, war, war, war,
war.'And
He said that several times.
Then He said, 'A financial shifting.
You're going to see the wealth of the
sinner laid up for the righteous. The
ones that are listening,
pay attention. Listen. I will not yell
in these time frames.'You're going to
start to see, basically, a new
global platform being laid for
digital currency. You're going to start
to see that, and we see what Trump said in
that Truth
Social post. So, there's
a lot of things that are happening just
like the Lord told us. Then He was
playing chess, and the Lord showed me He
was moving His chess pieces.
He said, 'He's trying to
strategically
calculate every single move.'The man is
a brilliant man. And most people do not
realize how brilliant Trump is. His mind
is like he's Einstein, you
know? I don't say he's that smart, but
he's a very intelligent man. And the Lord
showed me he was calculating everything
strategically in his mind of what
outcome he believed would happen if
he did certain things. So, we see the
outcome of what he decided today. So, now
we pray for our nation. We pray for
big gatherings. We pray for Las
Vegas. We pray for Omaha.
People say, 'What are the ten
cities?'I
saw Houston, I saw Dallas-Fort Worth, I
saw Chicago, I saw Los Angeles, I saw
Seattle, I saw New York, I saw Miami,
I believe it was Boston, Atlanta,
Phoenix, Arizona, and I believe
that's all ten. I'm sorry if I'm
missing some, I apologize, I'm
rattling them off. But those
are
the main ones I saw, the big cities. But
the Lord said, 'Pay attention, Brandon,
in this last prayer time. Pay attention
to the small cities also.'It's not
just about the small cities, but the
ten
major cities were the
ones harboring these people,
and watch the blue states.
But He was saying these people are
harboring them. Oh, Boston was another one to
watch out for, the Boston area. Oklahoma
City was one. Those are the cities that
I saw activity, and the Lord showed me
ants within—like an uprising of
ants. When we struck Iran, I saw ants
within, and it would be a Pearl
Harbor-type
event. Pearl Harbor when people are
not expecting. He said, 'If you're looking
for it, this is when they're
not.'He
said, 'This will be a day when you're not
watching, when your guard is down. Pay
attention.'And
I saw drones flying in
over certain places trying to hurt
our president—drones on golf courses.
He was playing golf, and I saw a drone.
Now, how could they do that? I have no
idea. But folks, I'm just telling you
what I saw by the Spirit of God. So, you
say, 'Well, I don't agree with
it.'Well,
I'm here to tell you, because
you'd
think the Secret Service would pick
up on that. It was, I guess, way
high. I have no idea, but we have radar,
so I don't know. I'm just telling
you what I saw. It was stealth, I have
no idea, or if it was a lower one. But
there was something about him playing
golf, and the Lord said, 'Pray over him,
pray over his grandkids, pray
over...'And
that was when the Lord brought up the
Kennedy curse. And I saw the Kennedy
curse—pray
over his grandkids. Pray
over these things because it's very
important that we cover him in
prayer in these days ahead. He—I believe
he made the right decision by eliminating
the opportunity for Iran to have
nuclear power. Now, Israel needs to
finish the job and let's get this done
with. What will happen in escalation: I
saw biological weapons trying to come
to Syria and strike Israel with a
biological attack in the days ahead from
the mountains. Now, if we eliminated
that today, that prayer changes things.
That's what I'm believing. We don't want
to see women or children or anybody be
hit with biological weapons—some kind
of mustard gas or whatever this was that
I saw. Number two, we pray over Turkey
and what's going to happen next. I
saw an escalation with Turkey and Syria,
and then there'll be—I saw actual foot
troops marching,
and I've often wondered if that was what
happened with Hezbollah during
October. Birthing pains are coming
back-to-back.
It won't just be war, war.
It will be a shaking of the land:
earthquakes, volcanoes. And I'm
still wondering what it is about the
sky. The Lord said He would shake the
heavens, shake the comets, the
things in the atmosphere,
all like the stars and
things like that, the blood moons.
He said, 'I'm going to
shake—five
different shakings. The economy
will be shaken. I'm giving you a window
of opportunity for the wealthy sinner
laid up to the righteous. I'm giving you
politics.'He
said, 'Pray for the
politics around the world because you
can see it already unfolding in South
Korea, Canada,
Australia, and all these other
nations.'But
the Lord said the prayers of the
righteous in America gave you a window.
The beast system's trying to come into play
very quickly, and we see it. So, I wanted
you to see that this word came
to pass today, Saturday. I said it.
Here's the little clip: 'So, when we see
this 48-hour window, like I said, I
have a great intercession about
Saturday.
Saturday, the Lord is highlighting
Saturday, praying over Saturday,
praying over our protection over
America from retaliation
from these decisions that will be
made.'Isn't
that amazing? Isn't that
amazing? The Spirit of God has us praying
together and how He warns us. It's
accurate. It's accurate. And the Lord
said, 'It's time to be accurate. Don't
be flaky. We don't want
flakiness.'So,
we just keep praying. You know, I'm
human; we can miss it. We all
can miss it. But the Lord just said,
'Keep stepping out, Brandon. Do what I
tell you to do.'And that's what we're
here to do. So, Father, we just thank
you, Lord, for our president. We thank
you, Lord, that he has a backbone like a
crowbar. We lift him up before you,
Father, and we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against him will prosper. Praying
over
our country, praying over Disney World,
praying over Universal, praying over
these major areas because I saw the enemy
within those areas. A covering up
because of tourist-time things that they
saw. Covering over there are pastors
behind pulpits, mega pastors like I told
you, praying over Joel Osteen. And the
Lord said, "This is trying to come up as an
attack against this man's
life."Brandon,
the shot heard around the
world—the
things that I heard because of the fact
that he holds a major
megachurch.
It represents a
megachurch;
it represents something
in the spirit realm, the largest church
in America.
It represents something, and that's why
the enemy was targeting it. And so we pray
for him, and we pray for his wife. So, as
we see all these things take place,
whether you agree with Trump's decision
or not, it's neither here nor there. You know
what I'm saying? It doesn't matter. It
was done, and this is what we do: we
pray now. Do you see? We pray over these
things, and the end is coming soon.
Jesus is coming soon. You say, "What if
it's next year, two years? What if
it's 10 years, ladies and gentlemen?
What if it is?"That is nothing on the
scale of eternity. If we're in the last
10 years, if we're in the last seven
years, if we're in the last five years,
who knows? All I know is I'm looking for
his return.
I'm looking for his return.
It could be September.
I'm looking for his return, but I'm busy
about doing my Father's business
because he's coming, and it's time to
stay full.
Trust me, after today, you need to stay
full.
You need to hear him on everything you
do. It's a very, very serious time. You
need to stay full. So, Father, right
now, we just lift up President Trump. We
lift up the cabinet before you.
We thank you, Lord, for the blood of
Jesus Christ that covers this nation:
the Statue of Liberty,
Times
Square, the major areas of attraction in
our country, the Golden Gate Bridge,
these major areas. We put the blood of
Jesus over our nation.
We thank you, Father, for President
Trump. We thank you, Father, for your
divine protection over us.
I thank you, Father, that you are a God
that forgives us of our sins as a
nation. We repent for America for any
open doors that we've
opened
through abortions, through all
the other sins. Father, I can name a big
old list, but God, I thank you
that you forgive us and that we shut the
doors. Father, we stood with your
people. We stood with Israel. So,
Father, you said that those that bless
Israel, I will bless, and those that
curse Israel, I will curse. And I thank
you, Father, whether people
agree with it or not, I believe it's the
word of God, and I stand by what the
word says. So, Father, in that, I thank
you for divine protection over this
nation. I thank you, Father, that you
are watching over our nation. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are encamping around
and about every believer that's watching
this broadcast right now, that we will
not walk in fear. We will not walk in
torment. We will not walk in anxiety and
depression, going, "Oh no, what's
coming?"No,
we are fixed on Jesus, and
he is our protector. His rod and his
staff, they comfort us. We will walk
through the valley of the shadow of death,
and we will fear no evil, for his rod
covers us. Do you understand?
Surely goodness and mercy follow us all
the days of our life, and we will dwell in
the house of the Lord forever. I refuse
to fear, for fear tolerated is faith
contaminated. And I will not fear what
the devil's trying to do. I refuse to
fear. We have faith, and we believe in
our divine protection and everything he
said he would do in Psalm 91 and
Psalm
23. That's what we stand by, regardless
of
if we know in the natural and the spirit
what the Lord is warning us. If there's
a storm, we take authority over the
storms concerning us. You say, "Well,
there's a financial this, there's
a..."I'm
not participating in any kind of tragic
event. I'm always in the right place at
the right time, doing what God's called
me to do,
because I hear his voice, and a
stranger's voice I will not follow. The
Good Shepherd protects me, my
children, and my wife. And I believe that
a thousand shall fall at my side and
10,000 at my right hand, but it shall
not come
nigh.
He prepares a table before me in the
presence of all my enemies, and I'm just
up there eating with him. They're all
down there watching, being mad because
I'm eating steak, I got some lobster,
whatever, butter on there. I'm up there
eating, and they're just going, "I'm so mad
at him. He's having a good
meal."I'm
just sitting with my Father. We're
having a big old dinner, and
all my kids are there. We're all just
enjoying ourselves, having a big old glass of
iced tea. And I'm sitting there going,
"Man, God is so good."And he's prepared
a table in front of all my
enemies. He has a table prepared for me.
Surely goodness and mercy are following
me. Woo! I got goodness on this side and
mercy on the other, and they're
running me down;
they're running and overtaking me.
That's the kind of God I serve. I don't
know what you serve, ladies and
gentlemen. You could have just a
weak,
wimpy God inside of your spirit,
but I'm telling you, God is as big as
your faith will allow him to be.
Where is your faith of how
God is big to you? God will show up and
show off in your life. God is as big as
your faith will allow him to be.
But you have to speak to your mountains.
You have to speak to your circumstances
and tell your mountain to be thou cast
into the sea. Don't doubt in your heart;
you'll have whatsoever things you
say.
But I'm telling you, if you
have a wimpy image of God in there,
that's what you're going to get
because that's what you're believing
for. "I don't believe God's going to show
up and protect me."Well, then that's
what you're going to get. I believe he's
going to protect me. I believe he's
going to prepare a table before me in the
presence of all my enemies.
God's hand is not short. He's able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that I
dare ask or think. Do you believe that?
"Well, I don't know, God. Sometimes God
does, and sometimes he
doesn't."Well,
that's what you'll get
because he's moved by your faith.
He's not moved by your need. If he
were
moved by your need, the
devil would be... he is always creating
needs, and God would be chasing after
the devil, putting out fires. "Well, the
devil's creating needs, so I've got to go
up there."God is moved by faith. He's
not moved by needs. So my message was
not to bring fear today, but to bring
faith to you today, to tell you all is
well in the household of faith. All is
well in all that I have seen coming in
the household of faith. I refuse to
fear.
All is well in the household of faith.
Are you in the household of faith?
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by
the word of God. By faith, confession
is
made unto salvation. You have to confess
to be saved. You have to have faith to
be saved. You see, it's all about
faith. Faith cometh. Faith cometh. How
does it come? "I'm going to get my faith
stirred up today."By hearing, and hearing
by the word of God. I try to
present both sides of it because I know
what has the potential in the natural
of
what's coming next.
Pray all the way through the Fourth of July
to July 6th,
for much can happen between now and
then. And then pray for the month of
September. It was circled, and the Lord
said, "Going into the fall, there's
more."So
we still pray for Torres. We say, "The
wealth of the sinner is laid up for the
righteous."We
pray for Torres, Judge
Torres. We pray for peace and
for her not to be influenced by any
satanic or demonic force. We need Torres to
make a decision.
She didn't do it this week. So next week
sometime,
you know, whenever Daniel
said the angel had to come in and
Gabriel had to come to get the message,
he had to send Michael, but it took 21
days of a fast—a Daniel
fast—because
the Prince of Persia was blocking the
message. Okay, so here we have
intercession that had to take place for
days. So that's why it's not a one-and-done sometime.
Sometimes it's persistent
because you have big things that you're
pushing back out of the way, saying,
"Listen, you'd better listen to
me, and I've got Michael coming. He's going
to whip your
butt."See?
So you keep on keeping on. When you
don't see the full manifestation come
the first time, keep on keeping on and
believing. I say, "Hey, nope. I'm not
moved by what I see. I'm not moved by
what I feel. I'm moved by what the Word
says."And
He said I can have what I say.
And I say I'm blessed.
I say I'm healed. I say I'm delivered. I
say I'm born to prosper. I'm born to be
a success. Do you understand? Because
as He is, so are we in this world.
People don't want to hear that. It's the
truth. That's what the Bible says.
Glory to God! It's time to arise and
shine, for the light has come. When all
these
things start happening in the days
ahead, the people are going to be like,
"He told me everything."Remember I said
this: the Lord said in a 24-hour
period.
In a 24-hour period—I don't know
which
24-hour period it's going to take
place—but
He said in a time frame of
a 24-hour period, everything is going to
change like it did on 9/11 on another
scale.
You'll wake up one day and everything
will change.
And He said, "Watch this time. It's
coming."I
said,
"Okay."So,
He doesn't give me everything. You
know why? Because He knows I can't handle
it. He gives me bits and pieces, and He
says, "This is what's coming."And as I
keep praying it out, He gives me a
little bit more. And He says, "Here's a
little bit more."But I have to
check my pride, too, folks. If
you knew everything all the time, you'd
have
to deal with stuff. People would be
looking at you like you're some kind of
Superman or something. Folks, I'm just
human. I don't get everything all the
time. I get bits and pieces of what He
thinks I can handle.
That's why I have to die daily.
All this stuff is like
whatever. I'm not God.
I see in part, hear in part.
And that's exactly the way He wants it
because that keeps me in the place of
trust.
That keeps me in the place of, "I trust
you, Father. I don't know it all. I
don't know when it's all coming. I trust
you, Father."When is the wealth transfer
going to completely hit? I don't know.
But I tell you what, if I knew, I would
dump everything I have into it, and I would
do it the day before and I'd sit there
and watch. But sometimes He says, "Do it
now."And
it's going up and
down. You go, "Man, Lord, I trust you.
Did you hear me or not? I trust you. My
flesh is squirming. Oh, I trust you. Did
you say it? Well, maybe I missed it. I
trust
you."As
long as you stay in that vein of
trust, putting Him first, He'll cover your
good, your bad, your ugly.
What the devil meant for bad, even if
you missed it, He'll turn around for
good. That's what I keep saying to
myself. "Hey, I may not always get it
right, but I try."And as long as I'm
keeping my eyes on Him, that's all that
matters. I keep my eyes on you, Lord. If
I stub my toe or
skin my knee, I'm still trusting.
I'm pressing into you, Father. I need
you, Father. I'm desperate, Father. I
inquire of the Lord like David did. I
give nothing that doesn't cost me
anything.
David didn't give anything that didn't
cost him something. Everything David
gave, he said... It's like
even Abraham. He gave the land—he said,
"No, I want to give you the
land."And
the neighbor said, "No, I'll buy it full
price"because
it's something
of
value to you. What
is valuable to you? When God sees that
it was painful, wow, He goes,
"They really did care.
It cost them something.
Their relationship cost them
something."Time
out praying instead of doing
whatever you want to do—well, maybe
going out with your friends or going to
a movie or whatever. I choose to go
home and watch a preaching sermon or
something. Maybe you had Thunder tickets
to go to the last game and you're like,
"No, I'm going to sell them to somebody
else because I'm going to a prayer
group."I
don't know, I'm just giving a
for-instance. You've
got the front courtside
seats. But you know, it's
that kind of a sacrifice. Why? I just
believe it's when God sees how
desperate—how
bad is your "want to"?
How thirsty are you in these last days
for a mighty touch from Jesus? That's
like I told Billy. I said, "I'm so
hungry. He's holding a meeting in
Alaska."I
said, "I don't know what it
costs to fly to Alaska, but sir, I would
love to come to Alaska and come to your
meeting. I've never been there."But I
thought, "Man, where are you going to be
around here?"You know, he's always in
Florida a lot of times, or in
Pennsylvania or whatever. He doesn't
come to the central part of America very
often, but I'm like, "Man, I want to be a
part."And
I saw that he was going to
Alaska, and you sit there and you go, "You
know, that might be fun."You know, I
don't know. I'm always just thinking,
how big, how desperate are you?
Because
that's going to cost something. You
know, if you fly to Alaska, I'm sure
that's expensive. But do
you see that? I feel like, Lord, because
I'm believing for my Megan, I'm
believing for her healing, I'm believing
for a touch for my baby, I'm thinking,
what part is it that costs me
something? And He saw the effort. God's
looking at the effort.
How desperate really are they?
Do they see me as their El Shaddai? Do they
see me as their Jehovah
Jireh?
Do they see me as "I Am that I Am"? Am I
real to them?
Lip service is a lot.
People have a lot of lip service.
But when you move out by faith and you
do something like the woman with the issue
of blood—her punishment should
have been stoning.
She was unclean. They
would be really mean to her.
Yet,
here she is. She grabs hold of it,
knowing the consequences, and
she's like, "If I could just..."It cost her
something.
She spent all that she had trying to get
healed, but she rather grew
worse. But in the press, she grabbed
hold of it. She didn't say, "Can I
be?"She
said, "I will be if I can touch it."Do you
believe it? That's that bulldog
faith.
"If I can just get around Him just a
little bit.
If I can just touch and just be around
the presence of God just a little
bit."I
know if I just get even
a teaspoon full,
that presence will change my life
forever. One moment with God, one second
with God, will change your life forever
if you just get around His presence.
That's why I'm so strong about telling you
all to spend time, quality time with Him
daily. "If I can just touch Him just
a little bit. If I could just listen to
Him a little bit."One word from God will
change your life forever.
One
word—all
I need is a word. "If I could just
hear you just a little bit today,
Father,
I know that it would forever change
me."The
one who spoke the stars into
existence,
the one who told the sea it could
only go this
far—"If
I could just hear you just one time
today."That's
how desperate I am.
How desperate are you for change in your
life?
I pray you have a hunger for it in these
last days. He said, "Blessed are those
who hunger and thirst after
righteousness, for they will be
filled."They
will be filled with
His presence.
Because in His presence, there's
fullness of joy.
All I need is just one touch, one drink.
That's all I need today.
"Father, I need you."When will we get
desperate enough to know that He wants
us more than we want Him? Well, praise
the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's pray
and
seek Him right now. Father, we
lift up the body before You. I got my
big old thing of communion.
I used to take it with chips all
the time until I got blessed with
these from Amazon. Somebody sent them to
me, and I'm so thankful for whoever did
that. They're so kind. Father, I lift up
this body before You, and we thank You,
Lord, for all that You've done and all
that You're going to do. I cover
this house, myself,
and
my flesh in the
blood. I thank You, Lord, for the body
that healed me by Your stripes. I thank
You, Father, that no weapon formed
against me will prosper. I thank You,
Father, for how much You've done for us
already and more that You say is coming.
I take this body in
Jesus'name,
Lord. I take the blood, and I make much
of the blood today and over this nation.
I plead the blood over it, Father, and I
thank You, Lord, for the blood. I apply
the blood of Jesus over us in the mighty
name of Jesus. We take the blood.
Forgive us of our sins, Father, and we
thank You, Father, for the blood. Right
now, we enter into Your throne room
boldly, God. If there's anything You
want to show us of what's to come, You show us.
You lead, we'll
follow. If there's nothing You want to
say right now, Father, that's fine, but
God, we're always here listening. We
love You. We take the blood right now
and
apply it from the top of our
heads
to the soles of our feet in
Jesus'name.
Thank You, Father.
Every tongue that rises against us, we
condemn it.
We plead the
blood of Jesus over us
and
over our minds. We
thank You, Father. We thank You, Lord,
in the name of
Jesus. We give You all the glory, honor,
and praise for it.
No weapon formed against us
will prosper.
We thank You. This is just the
beginning.
The
door is open.
Watch Europe
because of the decisions that were made
today. Watch Europe now,
for there will be
an
escalation of a greater war.
That's what the enemy tries to have
in
store—an
escalation of a greater war.
Repercussions. Pray over our
military bases. We pray
over Iraq and all the military
installations all around the Middle East
right now in the name of Jesus. The Lord
says, especially in Iraq, we cover our
bases right now in the name of Jesus.
I'm seeing the
canal,
the one that Iran controls.
Watch
this canal.
They'll try to flex
their arms there,
but it will be short-lived. The Navy will make
this short-lived.
An economic setback like you've never
seen before is coming to Iran's door,
and it's here now. He said
as they try to control the
Strait—I
see the word, He says 'the
Strait'—they'll
try to control the Strait in a
greater way in the days ahead, trying to
flex. But I see the Navy coming against
them and blowing them out of the
water. Seriously, we're
going to set up a standard against you.
You're not going to do this, for this
will be a global thing.
I see
Cuba again.
Mules
with the Mexican cartel.
Watch
the cartel.
Big money is being transferred
right here; I see it.
Pray for the border
patrol
to find these tunnels, for there
are
many more of
them
all
throughout the border
stretch from Texas all the way to
California.
Pray
for eyes to be opened and for
people to rat them out.
We pray protection
over our
southern border,
and even the northern border
of
Canada.
But more corruption is on the southern
border
with
human trafficking and drugs; there
are
dark things
there.
But watch Cuba; I'm watching Cuba,
and it's highlighted again.
The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade just
got highlighted to me,
and that's a long time from now.
It just said
'Macy's.'I
saw a star, but it was like a star
outline with 'Macy's'on it. This is
about New York.
Watch
the
moon
during the full moon.
For a rising of the glory, the rising of
the Lord.
Great shaking.
I
see
a
black horse riding. Hallelujah! I see
this
black horse riding,
galloping upon the land soon.
I
see
a black stallion,
and it has a rider
on there that looks like a skeleton man.
He
has a
white cloak on his head
that looks like
see-through, tattered garments upon him,
and he has a sickle-looking thing in his hand.
His face is
skeleton-looking.
Why am I seeing this, Lord?
His clothes are like tattered
garments, almost like
lepers'clothes.
They're dripping off
of him.
'Watch out for the
attacks,'He
says.
See the
horse riding,
and it's on the East Coast.
This demonic
thing on this horse.
Shaking.
Now I'm in Europe again,
but this is not finished yet. Watch
Emmanuel Macron;
I see
Emmanuel
Macron
again, and there's a great
influence that's coming on him.
He'll be a mouthpiece in Europe soon in
a greater way.
Emmanuel
Macron
will
rise.
I told you he'd be like a
Hitler.
Braden, he comes soon.
It's like a
tyrant
spirit—you
can see it on him..,
I told you.
George Soros'days are limited;
his season is—that door is closing for
his life.
But the one rising up behind him is
worse than him
as he passes the baton.
Look at his eyes. He
said, 'Look at the
great change that will happen
soon.'Come
up higher. "Come up
higher."He
said to me, "Come up higher. Come up
higher.
Look up. Look up. Look up.
The earth is going to
experience
climate changes with
temperature extremes and low
lows
with the sun. He's talking about the
sun. He's talking about explosions on
the sun. He's talking about the
sun. The sun is doing something,
like having a cycle of something.
It's different.
And he's talking about the fish again. I
see fish in the water floating on the
top of the water. I see many fish on the
top of the water floating
dead. They're on the water dead. There's
fish all in the sea line dead. I see
thousands of fish dead upon the sea,
little fish, big fish.
And there's thousands of them on
a coastline.
I believe this
looks like the West Coast, all
by California in this area. This is
what's happening in the water. Pay
attention to what's going on underneath
the water.
There are volcanic eruptions about to
take place, major things that are about
to take place. I see fish dead upon the water,
not just a few, but thousands of fish
dead.
Some of these things we can stop;
some of these things are going to
happen.
I remind you
of the boat coming into Washington
Harbor.
I remind you of the boat coming into
Washington, DC. It's a barge,
and it has a device in the middle of the
barge.
I see this device again. I see the
It's like an oil
tanker.
It's like some kind of major shipping
container boat, looking big. I'll
tell you what it looks like.
It's a black boat that goes up,
and it has a cockpit up
here, but it's long. It's a long black boat,
and the top looks red.
The deck is a red-looking deck, painted red.
I see it's
a
big black boat,
and
I don't know why I see this red up
toward the front of
this, but not all of it is red. Some of it
has white chipped paint.
This right here
where
the crew is is white,
and
there's white chipped
paint
on this where the crew is
inside,
where
the captain
is.
We pray everything be discovered and
uncovered from any dirty bomb.
In the name of Jesus,
everything be discovered and
uncovered concerning this. And we still
pray over the vans and the big trucks.
I just saw Trump Towers again
immediately when I said that,
praying over Trump Towers again
in
Chicago
and New York. We pray over Trump Towers,
these major
buildings in these areas. We call them
protected. They have glass buildings.
Remember I said they
explode? I see an explosion from the
inside out,
not outside in, but something
inside
blowing the glass out.
We call protection over Trump, the
guests,
and the people that are there. Trump
is
not there; it's what it
represents. He's
not there.
Is there anything else, Lord, you want
to say today?
We call for protection over these areas
right now in the name of Jesus. We pray
over President Trump and over these
flags.
I see flags again. It's a representation
of this over the 4th of July, praying
over these flags, these half-flags like
an arch semicircle,
semicircles of flags with
a
white background.
I believe it represents a time frame,
not actually an event,
but
a time frame. Praying over this
time frame.
Oh my goodness.
The Lord said, "That is for tomorrow. Go
get filled. That is for tomorrow. Close
this and get filled."I said, "Okay,
okay.
Go fill yourself. Eat spiritually.
You've done enough today. You
warned them today. Fill yourself.
There's more to come."That's what
He
said. "There's more to come,, a lot
more. Pace yourself. It's not a race; it's a
marathon."The
Lord said, "This is a
marathon. This is not a race.
You must pray these
out."Well,
praise the Lord. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for talking.
Thank you, Lord. We never take it for
granted at all. We're so grateful,
Father, that you would want to speak to
us. Thank you, Father. I never take it
for granted when you tell me all
these
things. There was so much there today,
and I'm so thankful, Father, for all
that you have for me.
Lord, I thank you
for all that you have in
store.
In the name of Jesus,
we plead the blood over all this prayer
time today. And we thank you, Lord, that no
weapon formed against us shall prosper.
Thank you, Father, in the mighty name of
Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Well, praise the Lord. I pray
that—I
know there's probably a lot of you
that wanted to keep going, but I feel in
my spirit the Lord wants me to pray by
myself for a little bit on some things. There
are
some things He wants to show me,
and I don't want that going to the
public right now. So, I want you to
pray, keep praying, and believe God with me
for what He's about to show me. There
are
some things that He wants to
show me that I'm going to
pray over by myself for a little bit, and
when He says I can release it, we'll
release it. I want you to subscribe
if you could, and click the
notification bell. We really appreciate
your help with this. We're reaching
the lost, one soul at a time. We believe
Jesus Christ is coming
soon, folks, and we have a lot of work
to do. But sometimes when I get like
this, I have to keep praying this out,
and the Lord wants me to do this and
show me by myself. There
are
some things here that are serious. So,
I pray that this video blessed you today,
and we'll see you again soon. God
bless you. Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much, and we love you. God
bless you all. Bye-bye.